## Questions

''' a) What is the difference between passing arguments by arguments(value) and passing arguments
by reference?
'''

''' When you pass an argument by value, you pass a copy of the value in memory. The function operates on the copy, which means when a change is made by the function the effect is local to that function

Passing by value means that the function receives a copy of the argument's value. Any changes made to the argument within the function do not affect the original value outside of the function. This is typically used for simple types such as integers, floating-point numbers, or booleans.

Passing by reference means you pass a pointer to the value in memory. The function operates on the argument. When a function changes the value of the argument passed by reference the original value changes'''

''' b) What values does the rand function generate? '''

''' It retuns a random integer in the range 0 to RAND_MAX(inclusive), RAND_MAX is 2^31-1(2147483647) or in some cases 32767(2 bytes) - cannot be less than '''

''' c) How do you randomize a program? How do you scale or shift the values produced by
the rand function? '''

'''i) srand function is used to randomize programs once a program has been thoroughly debugged
Function srand takes an unsigned int argument and seeds function rand to produce a different sequence of random numbers for each execution of the program

ii) n = a + rand() % b;

where a is the shifting value (which is equal to the first number in the desired range of
consecutive integers) and b is the scaling factor (which is equal to the width of the desired
range of consecutive integers).

'''

''' d) What is a recursive function? What is a base case? '''
A recursive function is one that calls itself either directly or indirectly through another function


The simplest case is the base case. It is the problem or case we know can be solved without any more recursive calls

For instance in recursion the base case is if the current number is one return the result else "keep multiplying the present number by the next lowest" - this is the base case

## Answers